Why would he waste my time like that?
Who does she think she is?
Why do I even try to work things out with him?
What is the matter with them?
Who cares what they say?
When the hell is she going to get here?
Where on earth is he?
Why are they so late?
What is he thinking?
Why is he so annoying?
Why is their face so punchable?
Why do they always look so smug?
Don't they deserve to be punished?
Isn't everything they say so stupid?
Don't they realize how awful they are?
When will they understand how much we hate them?
When will they learn that their actions have consequences?
Why can't they mind their own business?
Why are they trying to force their views on me?
Why would they think that's ok to do?
Why are they so infuriating?
Why do they think it's fun to annoy me?
What is wrong with them?
Why even bother?
Why are they so socially inept?
Can they even be reasoned with?
Do they have any redeeming qualities at all?
How could anyone ever love them?
How could anyone ever tolerate them?
Why hasn't someone told them to stop?
Why can't they tell how much they bother me?
When will they realize how stupid they are?
Who thought it was a good use of space for them to exist?
Why don't they think before they act?
Why can't they just get hit with a truck?
Why shouldn't I shoot them in the face?
Why is she so stubborn?
Why won't they shut up?
Why do they think I care?
I have never heard anything stupider than what you just said.
Will it be ok?
Why isn't he home yet?
Am I going to die?
How can I speak in front of the whole class?
Why can't I find anyone to help me?
Is he dangerous?
Why do I have so much work to do?
When is the next time I'll have a chance to relax?
Is he going to hurt me?
Am I stupid?
How can I stop being worried all the time?
Why am I so paranoid?
Who can I trust?
Will I live to see another day?
How do you know he won't come back to hurt me?
When will she return my call?
What if I have a disease?
How can I reduce the likelihood of getting in a car crash?
Is it safe to be here this late?
What if it malfunctions?
Is something burning?
What are those noises?
What is going on?
What if I can’t do anything to help him?
What if she embarrasses me in front of everyone?
Why can’t I sleep properly?
What if I make a mistake?
What if something bad happens to my family?
When will I stop feeling so insecure?
Does everybody have imposter syndrome as severely as I do?
Did I leave the oven on?
Does my boss hate me?
Did I say too much?
Did I offend her with my questions?
Why am I so socially awkward?
Will we be able to find parking?
Did I do something to annoy them?
Why am I so stressed out all the time?
Am I going to oversleep?
Is my phone going to die and leave me lost with no GPS?
Do you think you can stop me?
What exciting things does today have in store for me?
Am I good or what?
Is there anyone better than me at this?
I’m ready for anything!
I know exactly what I’m going to do.
I’m going to ace this test.
I know that I’m going to win this match!
I’m up for the challenge.
I can figure out solutions on the fly.
I am capable.
I will be able to complete all my work quickly and efficiently.
I am very sure about that.
I know I can win!
I would bet on myself if I could.
Do you want to bet?
I’m sure he won’t do that.
I’m on the right track!
I’m on my way to success.
I believe in the fact that my efforts will pay off soon.
I’m optimistic that things are going to play out in our favor.
I’m happy with the paper I turned in.
Looking back on it, I am proud of a lot of my past accomplishments!
I think I’m likely to make a lot of progress on my central life goals in the next few years.
Everything is going to be fine.
I’m motivated to do my best work on this project!
There’s no way you can beat me.
No one can stand in the way of my goals.
I have set my mind on success, and nothing is going to stop me.
I’m determined to be the best.
I’ve come a long way, and I’m only going to continue to improve.
I will continue learning and growing for a long time to come.
Our relationship is off to a great start!
I believe in myself.
I will never give up.
I can do it.
I will continue to try my hardest, no matter what.
I am good at complex problem solving.
I am a skilled communicator.
One of my greatest strengths is my tendency to ask for help when I need it.
I can’t wait for our vacation.
I just received my first job offer.
The sunny weather today is so lovely.
That might be the best episode of television I have ever seen.
I recently discovered a new band and have been listening to a lot of their music.
We’re meeting for lunch on Saturday, and I always have such wonderful conversations with him.
That’s one of my favorite books!
I slept for 10 hours last night and feel really well-rested.
Volunteering last week was a really rewarding experience.
I got outside and played tennis today with a friend.
I’m almost worried that he’s going to faint when he sees the gift that he’s wanted for so long.
It’s almost Christmas!
I feel much calmer now that I’ve performed meditation.
The kindness that they showed to me was extremely touching.
We took that chance to escape our daily routines for once and just enjoy the evening.
We reveled in each other’s company throughout the meal.
I’ve rarely been this hyped for a movie before.
We’re getting married!
I love my parents so much.
I had a very productive day today.
I went to an amusement park with my friends the other day.
I already want to revisit this museum as soon as possible.
We’re currently doing some sightseeing in Paris!
My study group for physics is quickly turning into a friend group as well.
While I was at the concert, the music took my attention away from all concerns.
I found $5 that I didn’t know I had in my pocket.
We went to the beach last week and the water was just the right temperature.
I sat on the balcony, reading in the warm sunlight.
I visited my uncle and got to meet his two incredibly cute little children.
I went through an old diary of mine recently and it was full of lovely memories.
I’m so glad it’s Friday night.
Her praise lifted my spirits considerably.
The smell wafting from the kitchen is heavenly.
The snow overnight meant I woke up to a winter wonderland.
I haven’t had a meal this delicious in a long time.
I’m starting to get summer vibes.
The person ahead of me at the drive-thru paid for my meal.
The poem’s words etched themselves into my brain, and I revisited them endlessly for days afterwards.
The only complaint I have about the experience is that it ended.
I’m finally done paying off all my loans.
I’m already out of vacation days, and it’s only January.
This food is extremely bitter.
Why can’t they just leave me alone?
Moving is hard - I don’t know anyone who lives near me anymore.
My father passed away last night.
My favorite football team was eliminated from the playoffs.
Some kids in school made fun of my clothes today.
Why am I so tired all the time?
I’ve been incredibly unproductive lately.
All my work keeps piling up and there’s no end in sight.
I wish I could go back to those days.
My (former) best friend and I had a falling out.
We’re going through a really messy break-up.
How can the world be so cruel?
I wish I’d never been born.
Why can’t I just be happy?
Why do the worst things always happen to me?
I can’t remember the last time I laughed.
My favorite TV show just got canceled.
That was a really unsatisfying end to the series.
Why am I so useless?
Who cares what I think?
I haven’t been outside in a month.
The winter was long and harsh.
I was seriously contemplating suicide.
I waited and waited, but my friends never showed up.
My mother was diagnosed with cancer when I was 14 years old.
I know now that I’ll never get to see my childhood dream play out.
Seeing the two of them together was torture for me.
Despite my best efforts, I have never been able to garner the respect or affection of my colleagues.
I regret the things I said to him deeply.
I wish that I knew what I know now, when I was younger.
I’ve had to make too many sacrifices in my life.
We spent so long together, I don’t know what to do now that I’m alone.
Why did my friends abandon me when I needed them?
I don’t have any work to do, but in its absence I’ve been having aimless boring days.
I don’t have enough time to have fun regularly.
I feel so burned out with my classes and extracurriculars.
I can’t mend the broken relationship I have with my sister.
The only person I have to blame is myself.
